BigAnimal: adding creating an AWS SSO IdP topic (#2726)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/getting_started/identity_provider/aws_sso.mdx

---
title: "Using Amazon Web Servies Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) as your identity provider"
navTitle: "AWS SSO"
description: "Using AWS SSO as your identity provider for your Azure account"
---

## Prerequisites

- To connect BigAnimal to AWS SSO, your AWS account must have administrator access. 

- A unique URL and access code are provided in an email from cloudcare@enterprisedb.com. Contact [cloudcare@enterprisedb.com](mailto:cloudcare@enterprisedb.com) if you don't receive the email. The URL becomes invalid after you set up your identity provider with BigAnimal. For issues with the code or identity provider setup, contact [Support](/biganimal/release/overview/support).

## Set up BigAnimal with AWS SSO

1. To access the Set Up Identity Provider page in BigAnimal, open the link in the email sent from cloudcare@enterprisedb.com.
1. In a separate browser tab or window, log into your AWS account and go to [**AWS Single Sign-On**](https://aws.amazon.com/single-sign-on/).
1. Enable SSO or switch to a region where SSO is enabled (AWS Organizations only support SSO in one region at a time).

> 1. From the left navigation pane, select **Applications** or click the link in Step 3 on the **Dashboard**. 

Author: ```suggestion
1. From the left navigation pane, select **Applications** or select the link in Step 3 on the **Dashboard**. 
```

---

> title: "Using AWS SSO as your identity provider"

Author: Use the full name in the title and introduce the acronym in the first instance in the text

navTitle: "AWS SSO"
description: "Using AWS SSO as your identity provider for your Azure account"
---

## Prerequisites

- To connect BigAnimal to Amazon Web Services Signle Sign-On(AWS SSO), your AWS account must have administrator access. 

- A unique URL and access code are provided in an email from cloudcare@enterprisedb.com. Contact [cloudcare@enterprisedb.com](mailto:cloudcare@enterprisedb.com) if you don't receive the email. The URL becomes invalid after you set up your identity provider with BigAnimal. For issues with the code or identity provider setup, contact [Support](/biganimal/release/overview/support).

## Set up BigAnimal with AWS SSO

1. To access the Set Up Identity Provider page in BigAnimal, open the link in the email sent from cloudcare@enterprisedb.com.
1. You will be copying and pasting between BigAnimal and AWS so in a separate browser tab or window log into your AWS account and go to the [**AWS SSO console**](https://console.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon).

> 1. Choose **Enable AWS SSO** or if SSO is already enabled on your account, then continue to the next step. 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Enable AWS SSO** if SSO isn't already enabled on your account. 
```

   !!! note
   You may need to switch to a region where SSO is enabled. AWS Organizations support SSO in only one region at a time.
   !!!

> 1. From the left navigation pane, select **Applications** or select the link in Step 3 on the **Dashboard**. 

Author: Navigate to the Applications page by either selecting  **Applications** from the left navigation pane or selecting the link in step 3 on the Welcome to AWS Single Sign-On page.

> 1. Create and name the application in the **Application catalog**. 

Author: ```suggestion
1. On the Applications page, select **Add a new application". 
```

   1. Select **Add a custom SAML 2.0 application**.
   1. Name the application under **Display Name**. The application will be visisble to your users under this name.

> 1. At the bottom of the page under **Application metada**, select the link "If you don't have a metadata file...".

Author: ```suggestion
1. At the bottom of the page under **Application metadata**, select the link "If you don't have a metadata file...".
```

   1. Open the Set Up Identity Provider page in BigAnimal. 

>    2. Copy the following information from BigAnimal and Paste it into the Application metadata section. 

Author: ```suggestion
   2. Copy the following information from BigAnimal and paste it into the Application metadata section. 
```

      | Copy from BigAnimal            | Paste into Application Metadata |
      | ------------------------------ | ------------------------------- |
      | Assertion Consumer Service URL | Applciation ACS URL             |
      | Audience URI                   | Application SAML audience       |

1. Select **Save changes** at the bottom of the AWS page. 

> 1. Go to your newly-created application (appearing under its Display Name) and select the **Attribute mappings** tab. 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to your newly-created application (appearing under its display name) and select the **Attribute mappings** tab. 
```

1. Add your desired attributes:
   1. Enter BigAnimal attributes under **User attribute in the application**.

      | Attributes in BigAnimal                                              |
      | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
      | http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/givenname      |
      | http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/surname        |
      | http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/name           |
      | http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/nameidentifier |
      | http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/emailaddress   |

>    2. Enter AWS SSO attributes under **Maps to this string value or user attribute in AWS SSO**.

Author: ```suggestion
   2. Enter the corresponding AWS SSO attributes under **Maps to this string value or user attribute in AWS SSO**.
```

   1. Name the application in the **Display Name** field. The application will be visible to your users under this name.
1. At the bottom of the page under **Application metadata**, select the link "If you don't have a metadata file...".
   1. Open the Set Up Identity Provider page in BigAnimal. 

   2. Copy the following information from BigAnimal and paste it into the Application metadata section. 

      | Copy from BigAnimal            | Paste into Application Metadata |
      | ------------------------------ | ------------------------------- |
      | Assertion Consumer Service URL | Applciation ACS URL             |
      | Audience URI                   | Application SAML audience       |

1. Select **Save changes** at the bottom of the AWS page. 
1. Go to your newly-created application (appearing under its display name) and select the **Attribute mappings** tab. 
1. Add your desired attributes:
   1. Enter BigAnimal attributes under **User attribute in the application**.

      | Attributes in BigAnimal                                              |
      | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |

>       | http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/givenname      |

Reviewer: Hi Guang! I made the changes to be more consistent with the documentation. Let me know what you think.

1. Select **Save changes** at the bottom of the AWS page. 
1. Go to your newly-created application (appearing under its display name) and select the **Attribute mappings** tab. 
1. Enter your desired attribute configuration. We reccomend the following:

   | User attribute in the application | Maps to this string value or user attribute in AWS SSO | Format       |
   | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
   | Subject                           | ${user:email}                                          | emailAddress |
   | <assertion_path>/givenname        | ${user:givenName}                                      | basic        |
   | <assertion_path>/surname          | ${user:familyName}                                     | basic        |
   | <assertion_path>/name             | ${user:preferredUsername}                              | basic        |

>    | <assertion_path>/nameidentifier   | ${user:name}                                           | basic        |

Reviewer 2: I doubt if we really need to configure this for AWS SSO IdP. 

@sszhao1020 can you confirm the above matrix?

Reviewer 2: >I doubt if we really need to configure this for AWS SSO IdP. 

I mean this line

```
 | <assertion_path>/nameidentifier   | ${user:name}                                           | basic        |
```

Reviewer 3: Hi @xugy99 
You are right. nameidentifier is not mandatory. 
Just FYI
Only givename and surname are must. Test connection successfully with the below setting.
<img width="1199" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89435179/172034181-61e06f08-75ad-42c0-8a09-ea7bf420befe.png">

Author: So we should remove the nameidentifier row from the table, correct?

Reviewer 2: for AWS SSO, yes, we can remove it.
